I also we all know there are various advantages to structures that help us to optimize some time complexity.
Similarly, what these data structures can do, they can it can help us.
They can assist us in optimizing the dynamic programming solutions.
So these advantages structures can be like memories and victories, biometrics.
Maybe you can use the you or produce it.
These are some advantages structures which all have their own different structures according to which
they work and they have their own certain set of algorithms.
And those algorithms help us optimize some quality time, some space time, some memory time complexity.
Right?
So basically in the next in the next few videos, what we'll see is will try to optimize the dynamic
programming problem that we have already seen and will try to optimize it further to even reduce more
space time complexity of it.
Good.
So I'll see you in the next part.
And this might be one of the most interesting parts of this course.
Eight.
Oh, yeah.
See you in the next part, everyone.
Thank you.